OK so we have two more steps to go which are part of the general framework because as you can see they
are in capital letters.
The first one is to make a method that resets the environment and it will have to reset the environment
at the beginning of each new training epoch and to finish.
We also have to make a method that gives us at any time the current state the last reward and whether
the game is over.
And so we'll call the first method reset and the second method observe.
You know sometimes we'll have to observe the actual state of the environment at a specific time.
So let's do these two methods quickly because I'm super excited and I'm burning to get to the next big
step of the general framework which is of course to build the artificial brain.
And then I can't wait to implement this as well because it's a pretty cool algorithm.
All right.
So let's make this reset method fictionally.
This reset method will take of course self as a first argument because we'll use the variables of our
object.
But then of course another argument for the month which is the month will be in when we need to reset
the environment.
And why do we need that month.
That's because you know we'll reset the atmospheric temperature.
So actually I'm going to get it right now.
That's the first thing we'll reset and you know remember we get the atmospheric temperature by getting
the right index of the monthly atmospheric temperatures list of the average atmospheric temperatures
for each of the 12 months and therefore I'm not only going to copy this but everything is you're going
to see what will do to reset the atmospheric temperature in a few seconds.
So as I just said we have two inputs the new month when we reset the environment.
And now you're going to see indeed that to reset the atmospheric temperature.
Well I'm going to base what I've just copied and I'm going to replace it month here by humans.
Right.
The new month that is the month in which we are when we are resetting the environment at a specific
time.
OK so that's the first one.
Now let's reset quickly the other ones so remember that among our object variables we have the initial
months you know what we're doing right now is just reset all the variables.
There are not some parameters.
So for example we want to reset the minimum temperature because it will always be minus 20 but we will
of course reset the current number of users and also the current rate of data because these are some
variables or are updated over the iterations.
And since right now we are resetting the environment because we are actually going back to the first
iteration.
Well we have to reset all the variables that are updated.
And so that's why we started with the atmospheric temperature and that's where right now we have to
indeed reset also the initial months because that initial month is going to become of course the new
month.
That is our argument.
Ok then let's see what do we have to reset.
Well the next variable that is updated over the generations we just mentioned that it is the current
number of users.
You can check that these variables above are just parameters so always keeping the same value let's
have that self that current number of users and will reset it back of course to the initial number of
users which is a variable of our object self that initial number of users.
There we go.
Now let's do the same for the next variable that is updated over the iterations and that is of course
the current rate of data.
And actually I have an idea I'm going to copy all this.
Then scroll down page that here and here.
Since of course we want to reset the current rate of the data the initial rate of data.
Well I'm setting the current rate of data of that current rate of data to be equal to self that initial
rate of data exactly as what we did for the number of users.
OK and then let's see.
Well then of course we have to take care of one of the most important variables of our environment.
I'm talking of course about the intrinsic temperature and now the good news is that we can directly
copy all this because indeed you know since we've already reset the atmospheric temperature the current
number of uses and the current rate of data well by just copying this formula here that will directly
reset the intrinsic temperature.
So we can just copy paste this.
And here we go.
Already ready to reset the next element and the next moment is the next variable that is updated over
the iterations.
And that's of course the temperature of the server.
When we have the AI self the temperature AI.
So I'm coupling this and actually again we can directly copy everything because indeed we're going to
reset it to be equal to the intrinsic temperature because that was just reset.
So I was crawling back down facing this perfect and now quickly for the rest.
Then of course we'll reset the temperature of the server in that separate simulation.
When dealing with the alternative servers integrate cooling system and so we have to reset that as well
and we'll reset it to be equal to the mid temperature of the optimal temperature range.
So again I am copying this and pasting it right here.
Perfect.
And then finally we have to reset of course the last remaining variables which are the total energy
spent by the AI because when starting a new training epoch we have to set it back to zero then Same
for the total energy spent by deservers alternative cooling system when we have no.
And of course we have to research the reward to zero game over to zero because we're starting a new
training book and therefore the game is starting instead of being over.
And of course train equals one because of course we'll have to reset the environment only for the training
and therefore we still want to be in training mode.
So to be efficient let's just take all this actually because they will have the same value.
And let's just copy that right here.
And perfect.
We did it efficiently.
We are now ready to move on to the next and final step of this environment.
Foul and also the final step of the general framework which is to make this observe method that will
return to current state at a specific iteration but also the last resort.
And whether the game is over.
So let's do that quickly and efficiently in the next tutorial.
And until then enjoy AI.